chore: [TRST-1376] Create separate renovate configuration file (#193)
superdispatch/js-tools: packages/renovate-config/README.md

  "extends": ["@superdispatch"]
}
```

#### Contributing

> Make sure to sync changes in both `renovate-config.json` and `package.json` files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure to sync changes in both `default.json` and `package.json` files.
```

Author: @doniyor2109 Rushed changes and missed. Thank you for noticing!
